Trends
------

Jack plays a solitary game in which he flips a coin and
gives himself a point on heads but removes a point on
tails.  He starts with a score of zero, and keeps score
as he flips coins.  You would think that his score would
not remain strictly positive for long, or strictly
negative for long, but you would be wrong.  Such long
periods of being strictly positive or strictly negative
are often mis-identified as trends that supposedly prove
the coin is biased.

You have been asked to find the probability of a trend
of length >= m in a sequence of n coin flips.  Here a
`trend' is defined as a sequence of consecutive flips
such that at the end of each flip Jack's score is
strictly positive, or, at the end of each flip Jack's
score is strictly negative.  For comparison purposes,
you are also asked to do this for both unbiased and
biased coins.


Input 
-----

For each of several test cases, a line containing

    n m p

where n and m are as above and p is the probability of
heads.

 0 < m,n   m <= n   (m**2)*n <= 50,000,000   0 <= p <= 1

Input ends with an end of file.


Output
------

For each test case, a single line containing 

    n m p ptrend

where n, m, p are copied from the input line and ptrend
is the probability of finding a trend of length >= m in
a sequence of n flips.  p and ptrend are to be printed
with exactly 3 decimal places (even if p is input with
fewer decimal places), whereas n and m are integers.


Sample Input
------ -----

10 5 0.5
10 5 0.55
10 8 0.5
10 10 0.5
20 10 0.5
20 10 0.55
20 20 0.5

Sample Output
------ ------

10 5 0.500 0.703
10 5 0.550 0.712
10 8 0.500 0.410
10 10 0.500 0.246
20 10 0.500 0.666
20 10 0.550 0.688
20 20 0.500 0.176


File:    trends.txt
Author:	    Bob Walton <walton@seas.harvard.edu>
Date:	       Thu Aug 13 06:26:42 EDT 2015

The authors have placed this file in the public domain;
they make no warranty and accept no liability for this
file.
