Jumping Robot
------- -----

A Jumping Robot, or J-Bot, or Jaybot, is a robot that
jumps instead of rolling or walking.  The robot has a
current position (x,y) and a jump vector (dx,dy).  The
robot moves by jumping from (x,y) to position
(x+dx,y+dy).

The possible commands to a jaybot whose position is
(x,y) and whose jump vector is (dx,dy) are:

			New		New
	Command		Position 	Jump Vector

	jump		(x+dx,y+dy)	(dx,dy)

	turn left	(x,y)		L(dx,dy)

	turn right	(x,y)		R(dx,dy)

	vector b c 	(x,y)		(b,c)

Here R rotates a vector 90 degrees clockwise and L
rotates a vector 90 degrees counterclockwise.

In this problem the jaybot lives on a board of MxN
squares, each square with integer coordinates.  All
numbers are integers.  The square in the lower left
corner of the board has coordinates (0,0), and the
square in the upper right corner has coordinates
(M-1,N-1).

You are asked to plot the path of the jaybot by putting
a letter on each square the jaybot visits.  The first
visited square (the jaybot's initial position) gets `A',
the second visited square gets `B', etc.  Unvisited
squares are represented by the character `.'.  If a
square is visited several times, it only remembers the
last letter it was given.

Input
-----

Each of several test cases.  Each case consists of a
test case name line followed by the line:

	M N x y dx dy

with 6 integers.  The board is MxN.  (x,y) is the ini-
tial position of the jaybot, and (dx,dy) the initial
jump vector.  2 <= M,N <= 40; 0 <= x < M; 0 <= y < N.
The x-axis is horizontal (M columns) and the y-axis is
vertical (N rows).

After the first two lines there are any number of
command lines, each containing just one command as
specified by the above table.  Thus the `vector' command
is a line with the word `vector' followed by two inte-
gers, b and c, all separated by whitespace.

The commands are followed by a line containing nothing
but "end".

The jaybot is guaranteed not to jump off the edge of the
board.

No input line is longer than 80 characters.  Input ends
with an end of file.


Output
------

For each test case, one empty line, followed by an exact
copy of the test case name line, followed by a printout
of the board with the path of the jaybot marked as indi-
cated above.  Note that the first line output is an
empty line, and there are no space characters in any
output line except perhaps in the test case name line.

Sample Input
------ -----

-- SAMPLE 1 --
30 8 5 1 1 1
jump
turn right
jump
vector 2 2
jump
turn right
jump
vector 3 3
jump
turn right
jump
vector 4 4
jump
turn right
jump
end
-- SAMPLE 2 --
10 5 0 0 1 1
jump
jump
turn left
jump
turn right
jump
vector 4 0
jump
turn right
jump
turn right
jump
turn right
jump
end


Sample Output
------ ------

[The output below begins with an empty line.]


-- SAMPLE 1 --
..............................
..............................
.....................H........
..............F...............
.........D....................
......B.......................
.....A.C...E.....G.......I....
..............................

-- SAMPLE 2 --
..I...F...
.D........
..C.......
.B........
A.H...G...



File:	   jaybot.txt
Author:	   Bob Walton <walton@deas.harvard.edu>
Date:	   Wed Oct 11 10:32:51 EDT 2006

The authors have placed this file in the public domain;
they make no warranty and accept no liability for this
file.

RCS Info (may not be true date or author):

    $Author: walton $
    $Date: 2006/10/11 14:32:58 $
    $RCSfile: jaybot.txt,v $
    $Revision: 1.8 $