Not Lost
--- ----

Redfur is exploring the concept of orienteering.  He has
obtained a compass and a pedometer and is trying them
out.  He goes to a place with a lot of open fields,
chooses a direction, and walks some distance in that
direction.  Then he chooses another direction, and walks
another distance in that direction.  And so forth.

At the end of several such `legs' he wants to know how
to get back directly to his starting point.  What
direction should he walk in, and how far away is it?


Input
-----

For each of several test cases, first a test case name
line, and then lines each describing one leg of his walk
in the form:

	direction length

where direction is the direction of the leg and length
is its length.  Directions are angles in degrees with

	North		  0 degrees
	North East	 45 degrees
	East		 90 degrees
	South East	135 degrees
	South		180 degrees
	South West	225 degrees
	West		270 degrees
	NorthWest	315 degrees

Lengths are in feet.

	0 <= direction < 360
	0 < length <= 10,000

The direction description lines are followed by a line
containing just `*'.

Lines are at most 80 columns long.

Input lines are read from the standard input.  Input
ends when an end of file is read.


Output
------

For each test case, first an exact copy of the test case
name input line, and a single line of the form:

	direction length

that says that to get back to his starting point from
the end of the last leg, Redfur must walk `length' feet
in the given `direction'.

Directions should be accurate to the nearest degree and
lengths to the nearest foot.  You can round output to
the nearest integer if you like, but you do not have to.

Output lines are printed to the standard output.  Output
ends when the program terminates.


Sample Input
------ -----

-- SAMPLE 1 --
90 100
0  100
270 100
*
-- SAMPLE 2 --
45 1414
180 2000
*
-- SAMPLE 3 --
20 100
200 100
200 100
*
-- SAMPLE 4 --
45 100
90 100
135 100
180 100
225 100
270 100
345 100
*
-- SAMPLE 5 --
125 170
85 1410
*


Sample Output
------ ------

-- SAMPLE 1 --
180 100
-- SAMPLE 2 --
315 1414
-- SAMPLE 3 --
20 100
-- SAMPLE 4 --
329 87
-- SAMPLE 5 --
269 1544


File:	   notlost.txt
Author:	   Bob Walton <walton@seas.harvard.edu>
Date:	   Sun Oct 16 00:22:29 EDT 2016

The authors have placed this file in the public domain;
they make no warranty and accept no liability for this
file.