Tom's Ski Shop
----- --- ----

Tom owns a ski shop at the foot of Mt. Big Toe.  He both
sells and rents skis.  Tom's customers can either buy
skis for X dollars, or rent them for a weekend for Y
dollars.  If a customer skis for T weekends before he
tires of skiing and stops, and if the customer rents for
the first K weekends and then buys on the K+1'st week-
end, with K+1 <= T, then the customer pays K*Y + X
dollars to have skis for T weekends.  If X < T*Y, the
customer would find it least expensive to have bought
skis on his very first weekend (K = 0), but if X > T*Y,
the customer would find it least expensive to always
rent (K >= T).  A customer does not know his T in
advance of actually getting tired of skiing, so these
last facts are not very useful.

Tom has studied this situation statistically and devised
`optimal' advice for his customers.  By observation, Tom
knows the probability P[T] that an arbitrary customer
will tire of skiing after exactly T weekends.  Using
this Tom finds the number K such that if every customer
rents for her first K weekends and buys on her K+1'st
weekend, the expected cost to the customer is minimized.

Specifically, if the customer follows Tom's strategy for
a given K, and the customer tires after T weekends, the
cost to the customer is T * Y if T <= K and K * Y + X if
T > K.  If we denote this cost by C[T], then the expect-
ed cost is the sum of P[T]*C[T] over all T, and this
expected cost, being a function of K, can be minimized
by selecting K properly.

You are asked to compute the optimal K given P[T].
Somewhat artificially, you are to assume that P[T] is 0
for all T above some value N, and you are not to con-
sider any K above N.


Input
-----

For each of a number of data sets, the numbers X, Y, and
N in that order, followed by N probabilities, P[1],
P[2], through P[N].  0 < X, 0 < Y, 1 <= N <= 100.  The
probabilities are all between 0.0 and 1.0 inclusive, and
the probabilities sum to 1.0.  The numbers are separated
by whitespace, consisting of spaces, tabs, and newlines
in any combination.

Input ends with a line containing three zeros.


Output
------

For each data set, one line containing first the optimal
value of K and second the expected cost in dollars for
that K.  The cost must have exactly 2 decimal digits.



Sample Input
------ -----

 50.00 30.00 4 0.5 0.0 0.0 0.5
 70.00 30.00 4 0.5 0.0 0.0 0.5
100.00 30.00
    4 0.5 0.0 0.0 0.5
0 0 0


Sample Output
------ ------

0 50.00
1 65.00
4 75.00



File:	   skishop.txt
Author:	   Bob Walton <walton@deas.harvard.edu>
Date:	   Mon Oct 21 00:14:50 EDT 2002

The authors have placed this file in the public domain;
they make no warranty and accept no liability for this
file.

RCS Info (may not be true date or author):

    $Author: walton $
    $Date: 2002/10/21 04:16:23 $
    $RCSfile: skishop.txt,v $
    $Revision: 1.4 $