ASCII Art
----- ---

ASCII art consists of a drawing made in an ASCII text
file, such as

                     (
                  .-----.
			 /       \
			 	 '         '
				 	   |  O   O  |
					      .    :    .
					      	    \       /
						    	      \  -  /
							      	    *---*

You are to write a program that creates ASCII art from
an input command line.


Input
-----

For each of several test cases, a line containing just
the test case name, followed by a single command line
from which the art is to be created.

Assume your printer has a head that begins at the bottom
left of a blank page of ASCII characters and can print a
single ASCII character or move one position.  Then each
command line character is interpreted as follows:

    n	     move up (North) one square
    e	     	  move right (East) one square
    s		       move down (South) one square
    w		       	    move left (West) one square
    any			    	 print the character
    other
    character

For example, the command line `nn*es+' is interpreted as
move up, move up, print `*', move right, move down,
print `+'.

The page is 40 rows (lines) and 56 columns.  There are
two special cases.  A request to move off the page is
turned into a no-operation.  A request to overwrite a
character previously written in a page location is
honored as if the previous character was never written.

Thus a command line that begins with `AwsB' has the same
effect as a command line that begins with just `B',
because the printer starts at the lower left so `w' and
`s' become no-operations and `B' overwrites `A'.

The command line may not be longer than 100,000 charac-
ters.  Input ends with an end of file.


Output
------

For each test case, first an exact copy of the test case
name line, and then the page with the drawing produced
by the input command line.

However, blank lines at the TOP of the page MUST be
omitted from the output.


Sample Input
------ -----

-- SAMPLE 1 --
Aws*n|n|n*e-e-e-e-e-e*s|s|s*w-w-w-w-w-
-- SAMPLE 2 -
nnnn*ne/ne/ne*se\se\se*sw/sw/sw*nw\nw\nweeXeeXsw_
-- SAMPLE 3 -
[see sample.in]
-- SAMPLE 4 -
[see sample.in]


Sample Output
------ ------

-- SAMPLE 1 --
*-----*                                                 
|     |                                                 
|     |                                                 
*-----*                                                 
-- SAMPLE 2 -
   *                                                    
  / \                                                   
 /   \                                                  
* X X *                                                 
 \ _ /                                                  
  \ /                                                   
   *                                                    
                                                        
-- SAMPLE 3 -
     (                                                  
  .-----.                                               
 /       \                                              
'         '                                             
|  O   O  |                                             
.    :    .                                             
 \       /                                              
  \  -  /                                               
   *---*                                                
-- SAMPLE 4 -
[see sample.test: just `*' at 4 corners with many
 attempts to move off the page and with overwriting.]


File:	     asciiart.txt
Author:	        Bob Walton <walton@seas.harvard.edu>
Date:		   Sun Oct 11 01:27:20 EDT 2015

The authors have placed this file in the public domain;
they make no warranty and accept no liability for this
file.
