Turtle Draw
-----------

A beaver, a dog, a frog, and a man were sharing a corner
of a pond on a sweltering evening in early August.  The
beaver was considering air conditioning, the frog was
imagining a water fall, the dog was happy to just swim
after tennis balls, and the man knew he needed to write
a computer program.

When he got home the man wrote a program called `turtle-
draw', in honor of the turtle that lived in the pond.
She was not with the foursome that particular August
evening, which just as well, as a 40 pound snapping
turtle is a bit of a pond party pooper.


Input
-----

The input contains a series of commands for an imaginary
turtle living on an infinite board of squares.  At any
time, the turtle is on a particular square, and is
facing in one of four directions, up, right, down, or
left.  In the beginning the turtle is facing up and
all squares are blank.

The commands are:

    M		Move forward one square.
    L		     Turn left 90 degrees.
    R		     	  Turn right 90 degrees.
    <other>		       Any other non-blank character:
    			       	   write the character on the
				   	     current square and THEN move
					     	     	    forward one square.

The input is a sequence of test cases.  Each test case
begins with a line that names the test case.  This is
followed by one or more lines which contain commands
for the turtle.  No command line contains whitespace
characters, and no command line contains just the
character `.'.  The test case ends with a line
containing just `.' (exactly one `.').

In any test case the turtle will not wander more than
100 squares in any direction away from its starting
position.  No input line will contain more than 80
characters.


Output
------

For each test case, first one line that is an exact copy
of the test case name line, then a single empty line
(with no characters), and then just the portion of the
infinite board that contains non-blank squares.
Specifically, this portion of the board should NOT have
any blank lines at its top or bottom, or any blank
columns at its left or right edges.  At the end of the
test case, right after the portion of the board with no
blank lines, there should be a single blank line.

Thus the output for each test case should have exactly
two blank lines: the second line (after the name and
before the board), and the last line (after the board).
The entire output for ALL test cases ends with a blank
line (if you get a `format error' score you may have the
blank lines wrong).


Sample Input
------ -----

--SIGN--
EWRMGORMDOWNLMTHENLMPU
.
--HAT--
L/_M____M_\LL
MMML|RM____RM|
.
--DOG--
RR***LMR***LMR***L**RML****LMR**L****RML***RML***
L//////_\\\\\\L\**RML****
LLMRMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMML****LMR**
LMMMMMMMMMMLMMMML--MMM--
.


Sample Output
------ ------

--SIGN--

 GO      
W  D     
E  O     
   W    U
   N    P
    THEN 

--HAT--

   ____   
\_|____|_/

--DOG--

 \\\\\\\_//////  
 **           ** 
 **           ** 
* *           * *
*  * --   -- *  *
*  *         *  *
*  *         *  *
    *       *    
    *       *    
    *       *    
    **    ***    
      ****       

NOTE: This output ends with a single blank line.



File:    turtledraw.txt
Author:	    Bob Walton <walton@seas.harvard.edu>
Date:	       Thu Oct 15 05:42:30 EDT 2009

The authors have placed this file in the public domain;
they make no warranty and accept no liability for this
file.

RCS Info (may not be true date or author):

    $Author: walton $
    $Date: 2009/10/15 09:44:48 $
    $RCSfile: turtledraw.txt,v $
    $Revision: 1.5 $

