Relative Neighbor Graphs
-------- -------- ------

Given a set of points in a plane, the associated rel-
ative neighbor graph has an edge between two points P1
and P2 if and only if there is NO point P3 such that

    d(P3,P1) < d(P1,P2)  and d(P3,P2) < d(P1,P2)

where d(Px,Py) is the distance between Px and Py.

You have been asked to compute the relative neighbor
graph of a set of points.


Input
-----

For each test case, first a line containing just the
test case name, and then lines containing the numbers

     N x[1] y[1] x[2] y[2] ... x[N] y[N]

where there are N points and (x[i],y[i]) is the i'th
point for 1 <= i <= N.  On these lines numbers may be
separated by any whitespace, including spaces, tabs,
and line feeds.

3 <= N <= 100.  The x,y coordinates may be any floating
point numbers.

Input ends with an end of file.


Output
------

For each test case, first a line that is an exact copy
of the test case name input line.  Then one line for
each edge in the relative neighbor graph, this line
having the format

       i j

to specify that there is an edge from (x[i],y[i]) to
(x[j],y[j]).  Here 1 <= i,j <= N.  Do NOT output any
edge more than once.

The output may be printed as a graph or displayed in an
X-window by the commands:

	 print_graph
	 display_graph

provided the input and output of your program has been
stored in the files

       relativeneighbor.in
       relativeneighbor.out

and the test case name lines in these files do not have
a digit as their first non-whitespace character.  To see
the sample output instead use the commands

    print_graph sample.in sample.test
    display_graph sample.in sample.test

(here sample.test is the output for sample.in).


Sample Input
------ -----

-- SAMPLE 1 --
3 1 4 3 2 5 8
-- SAMPLE 2 --
7 -1.01 0 -1.01 5 1.01 2.01 3.04 3.02
  5.05 2.003 8.21 0 8.22 5.03


Sample Output
------ ------

-- SAMPLE 1 --
1 2
1 3
-- SAMPLE 2 --
1 3
2 3
3 4
4 5
5 6
5 7


File:	   relativeneighbor.txt
Author:	      Bob Walton <walton@seas.harvard.edu>
Date:	         Sun Oct  2 03:59:50 EDT 2011

The authors have placed this file in the public domain;
they make no warranty and accept no liability for this
file.

RCS Info (may not be true date or author):

    $Author: walton $
    $Date: 2011/10/02 08:05:34 $
    $RCSfile: relativeneighbor.txt,v $
    $Revision: 1.6 $
