Design Optimal Gear Ratios
------ ------- ---- ------

As an engineer for the Bicycle Sprint Club, you are re-
sponsible for choosing gear ratios for the bikes.  The
rules of sprint racing say that the bicycle can have
only a single gear; that is, one chain connecting a
single gearwheel on the pedals to a single gearwheel on
the rear wheel.  The tire sizes are also fixed.  The
team physiologist has computed for each member of the
team the optimal gear ratio between the number of turns
of the pedals to the number of revolutions of the rear
wheel.  It is your job to translate this single real
number into a pair of gears for the bicycle.

The number of teeth on a gearwheel must lie between 16
and 100 due to mechanical constraints.  In addition, the
pedal gear will always have more teeth, since in sprint-
ing the rear wheel always spins faster than the pedals.

Your input will consist of multiple data sets, one per
line.  Each set will contain a single real number
greater than one and less than six indicating the number
of times the rear wheel should spin for each revolution
of the pedals.

Your output for each data set should be two integers on
a single line.  The first integer is the number of gears
on the pedal gearwheel and the second integer is the
number of gears on the rear wheel gearwheel, such that
the ratio between these two values is the closest poss-
ible to the given input ratio.  If multiple possible
combinations of gears yield the same ratio, select the
pair with the smallest total number of gears.

Sample input:

3
3.04
2.414

Sample output:

48 16
76 25
70 29